feat(ins): update doc sbs migration (#4505)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/instances/how-to/migrate-volumes-snapshots-to-sbs.mdx

  </TabsTab>
</Tabs>

<Message type="important">

>    After the migration, the volume type of your volume remains `b_ssd` (displayed as **Block SSD 5K legacy** in the console).
>    To benefit from the new features and performance of Scaleway Block Storage, you must create a new volume (`sbs_5k` or `sbs_15k`) the using the snapshot export/import feature. For more information, see [Migrating using the snapshot export/import features](#migrating-using-the-snapshot-exportimport-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   After the migration, your volume's type will still be `b_ssd` (displayed as **Block SSD 5K legacy** in the Scaleway console).
   To benefit from the new features and performance of Scaleway Block Storage, you must create a new volume (`sbs_5k` or `sbs_15k` displayed as **Block Low Latency 5K** or **Block Low Latency 15K** in the Scaleway console) using the snapshot export/import feature. For more information, see [Migrating using the snapshot export/import features](#migrating-using-the-snapshot-exportimport-features).
```
